README.md, before:

# EXA Space

𝔼𝕏tr𝔸 𝔼li𝕏ir 𝔸dditions (𝔼𝕏𝔸)

EXA project index: [exa](https://github.com/red-jade/exa)

Utilities for spatials types: positions, vectors, bounding boxes, transforms.

Module path: `Exa.Space`

## Naming Convention

Modules are named with:
- digit for the spatial dimension: 1, 2, 3, 4
- letter (lowercase) for the data type: i (int), f (float)

For example, `pos2i` is a 2D position coordinate on an integr grid.

## Design

The design prefers plain (untagged) tuples
for compact size and efficient O(1) access time (contiguous in memory).

Positions, vectors, bounding boxes and matrix transforms use tuples.

Generalized transforms (translate, rotate, scale, full matrix)
use tagged tuples to distinguish the various elements.

## Features

- Positions: 2i,3i, 2f,3f
- Vectors: 2i, 2f,3f,4f
- Bounding box: 1i,2i,3i, 2f
- Transforms: 
  - 2x2, 3x3, 4x4 square matrices
  - affine and homogeneous (projective) transforms

## EXA License

EXA source code is released under the MIT license.

EXA code and documentation are:<br>
Copyright (c) 2024 Mike French

Commit message:

Add bootstrap comment
Remove errors from boilerplate

README.md, after:

# EXA Space

𝔼𝕏tr𝔸 𝔼li𝕏ir 𝔸dditions (𝔼𝕏𝔸)

EXA project index: [exa](https://github.com/red-jade/exa)

Utilities for spatials types: positions, vectors, bounding boxes, transforms.

Module path: `Exa.Space`

## Naming Convention

Modules are named with:
- digit for the spatial dimension: 1, 2, 3, 4
- letter (lowercase) for the data type: i (int), f (float)

For example, `pos2i` is a 2D position coordinate on an integr grid.

## Design

The design prefers plain (untagged) tuples
for compact size and efficient O(1) access time (contiguous in memory).

Positions, vectors, bounding boxes and matrix transforms use tuples.

Generalized transforms (translate, rotate, scale, full matrix)
use tagged tuples to distinguish the various elements.

## Features

- Positions: 2i,3i, 2f,3f
- Vectors: 2i, 2f,3f,4f
- Bounding box: 1i,2i,3i, 2f
- Transforms: 
  - 2x2, 3x3, 4x4 square matrices
  - affine and homogeneous (projective) transforms

## Building

To bootstrap an `exa_xxx` library build, 
you must run `mix deps.get` twice.

## EXA License

EXA source code is released under the MIT license.

EXA code and documentation are:<br>
Copyright (c) 2024 Mike French
